Ah!
You just went a little too far
Xi Shao, why are you talking to him?
The governor made a fool of you in public
I know you are unwilling
But enough is enough.
Go back and say sorry to Xia Zhu
Separation compensation photo yes
Why does Xi Shao care so much about him?
Could it be
That's not possible.
I can't let that happen.
Sibao, are you alright?
It's bleeding, can you walk carefully?
What's the noise?
Didn't it just bump?
Who asked you to wait for the way of the young master?
You are not allowed to bully my sister
Mommy, why are you hurt?
Does it hurt?
What do they have to hurt? It's my son who hurts.
Tell you more to bet Xiaofeng is the root of our family
They beat my son like this.
What do you say?